
Exhibit 3.2
 
BY-LAWS
 
OF
 
TOWERS WATSON DELAWARE INC.
 

 
ARTICLE I - STOCKHOLDERS
 
Section 1.                                            Annual Meeting.  An annual meeting of the stockholders, for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as the Board of Directors shall each year fix, which date shall be within thirteen (13) months of the last annual meeting of stockholders or, if no such meeting has been held, the date of incorporation.
 
Section 2.                                            Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes prescribed in the notice of the meeting, may be called by the Board of Directors or the chief executive officer and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix.
 
Section 3.                                            Notice of Meetings; Adjournments.
 
(a)                                  Notice of the place, if any, date, and time of meetings of the stockholders and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, and in the case of a special meeting, the purpose of the meeting, shall be given not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law (meaning, here and hereinafter, as required from time to time by the Delaware General Corporation Law or the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation).
 
(b)                                 When a meeting is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken; provided, however, that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than thirty (30) days after the date for which the meeting was originally noticed, or if a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the place, if any, date, and time of the adjourned meeting and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting, shall be given in conformity herewith.  At any adjourned meeting, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting.
 



 
Section 4.                                            Quorum.
 
(a)                                  At any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of all of the shares of the stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for all purposes, unless or except to the extent that the presence of a larger number may be required by law.  Where a separate vote by a class or classes or series is required, a majority of the shares of such class or classes or series present in person or represented by proxy shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter.
 
(b)                                 If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, the chairman of the meeting or the holders of a majority of the shares of stock entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to another place, if any, date, or time.
 
Section 5.                                            Organization.  Such person as the Board of Directors may have designated or, in the absence of such a person, the President of the Corporation or, in his or her absence, such person as may be chosen by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote who are present, in person or by proxy, shall call to order any meeting of the stockholders and act as chairman of the meeting.  In the absence of the Secretary of the Corporation, the secretary of the meeting shall be such person as the chairman of the meeting appoints.
 
Section 6.                                            Conduct of Business.  The chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall determine the order of business and the procedure at the meeting, including such regulation of the manner of voting and the conduct of discussion as seem to him or her in order.  The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at the meeting shall be announced at the meeting.
 
Section 7.                                            Proxies and Voting.
 
(a)                                  At any meeting of the stockholders, every stockholder entitled to vote may vote in person or by proxy authorized by an instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in accordance with the procedure established for the meeting.  Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the writing or transmission created pursuant to this paragraph may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing or transmission for any and all purposes for which the original writing or transmission could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing or transmission.
 
(b)                                 The Corporation may, and to the extent required by law, shall, in advance of any meeting of stockholders, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting and make a written report thereof.  The Corporation may designate one or more alternate inspectors to replace any inspector who fails to act.  If no inspector or alternate is able to act at a meeting of stockholders, the person presiding at the meeting may, and to the extent required by law, shall, appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting.  Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability.  Every vote taken by ballots shall be counted by an inspector or inspectors appointed by the chairman of the meeting.
 
2



 
(c)                                  All elections shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast, and except as otherwise required by law, all other matters shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast affirmatively or negatively.
 
Section 8.                                            Stock List.
 
(a)                                  A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in his or her name, shall be open to the examination of any such stockholder for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting in the manner provided by law.
 
(b)                                 The stock list shall also be open to the examination of any stockholder during the whole time of the meeting as provided by law.  This list shall presumptively determine the identity of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting and the number of shares held by each of them.
 
Section 9.                                            Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting.
 
(a)                                  Any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded.  Delivery made to the Corporation’s registered office shall be made by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested.
 
(b)                                 Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty (60) days of the date the earliest dated consent is delivered to the Corporation, a written consent or consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed in the first paragraph of this Section.  A telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission consenting to an action to be taken and transmitted by a stockholder or proxyholder, or by a person or persons authorized to act for a stockholder or proxyholder, shall be deemed to be written, signed and dated for the purposes of this Section to the extent permitted by law.  Any such consent shall be delivered in accordance with Section 228(d)(1) of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
 
(c)                                  Any copy, facsimile or other reliable reproduction of a consent in writing may be substituted or used in lieu of the original writing for any and all purposes for which the original writing could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original writing.
 
3



 
ARTICLE II - BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 
Section 1.                                            Number and Term of Office.
 
(a)                                  The number of directors who shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be such number as the Board of Directors shall from time to time have designated, except that in the absence of any such designation, such number shall be one (1).  Each director shall be elected for a term of one year and until his or her successor is elected and qualified, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law.
 
(b)                                 Whenever the authorized number of directors is increased between annual meetings of the stockholders, a majority of the directors then in office shall have the power to elect such new directors for the balance of a term and until their successors are elected and qualified.  Any decrease in the authorized number of directors shall not become effective until the expiration of the term of the directors then in office unless, at the time of such decrease, there shall be vacancies on the board which are being eliminated by the decrease.
 
Section 2.                                            Vacancies.  If the office of any director becomes vacant by reason of death, resignation, disqualification, removal or other cause, a majority of the directors remaining in office, although less than a quorum, may elect a successor for the unexpired term and until his or her successor is elected and qualified.
 
Section 3.                                            Regular Meetings.  Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such place or places, on such date or dates, and at such time or times as shall have been established by the Board of Directors and publicized among all directors.  A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required.
 
Section 4.                                            Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by one-third (1/3) of the directors then in office (rounded up to the nearest whole number) or by the President and shall be held at such place, on such date, and at such time as they or he or she shall fix.  Notice of the place, date, and time of each such special meeting shall be given to each director by whom it is not waived by mailing written notice not less than five (5) days before the meeting or by telegraphing or telexing or by facsimile or electronic transmission of the same not less than twenty-four (24) hours before the meeting.  Unless otherwise indicated in the notice thereof, any and all business may be transacted at a special meeting.
 
Section 5.                                            Quorum.  At any meeting of the Board of Directors, a majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for all purposes.  If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time, without further notice or waiver thereof.
 
Section 6.                                            Participation in Meetings By Conference Telephone.  Members of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of such Board of Directors or committee by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other and such participation shall constitute presence in person at such meeting.
 
4



 
Section 7.                                            Conduct of Business.  At any meeting of the Board of Directors, business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, and all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority of the directors present, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law.  Action may be taken by the Board of Directors without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors.  Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
 
Section 8.                                            Compensation of Directors.  Directors, as such, may receive, pursuant to resolution of the Board of Directors, fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors, including, without limitation, their services as members of committees of the Board of Directors.
 
ARTICLE III - COMMITTEES
 
Section 1.                                            Committees of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors may from time to time designate committees of the Board of Directors, with such lawfully delegable powers and duties as it thereby confers, to serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors and shall, for those committees and any others provided for herein, elect a director or directors to serve as the member or members, designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate members who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee.  In the absence or disqualification of any member of any committee and any alternate member in his or her place, the member or members of the committee present at the meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of the absent or disqualified member.
 
Section 2.                                            Conduct of Business.  Each committee may determine the procedural rules for meeting and conducting its business and shall act in accordance therewith, except as otherwise provided herein or required by law.  Adequate provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings; one-third (1/3) of the members shall constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist of one (1) or two (2) members, in which event one (1) member shall constitute a quorum; and all matters shall be determined by a majority vote of the members present.  Action may be taken by any committee without a meeting if all members thereof consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of such committee.  Such filing shall be in paper form if the minutes are maintained in paper form and shall be in electronic form if the minutes are maintained in electronic form.
 
5



 
ARTICLE IV - OFFICERS
 
Section 1.                                            Generally.  The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers, including one or more Vice Presidents, as may from time to time be appointed by the Board of Directors.  Officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors, which shall consider that subject at its first meeting after every annual meeting of stockholders.  Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal.  Any number of offices may be held by the same person.
 
Section 2.                                            President.  The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation.  Subject to the provisions of these By-laws and to the direction of the Board of Directors, he or she shall have the responsibility for the general management and control of the business and affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties and have all powers which are commonly incident to the office of chief executive or which are delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors.  He or she shall have power to sign all stock certificates, contracts and other instruments of the Corporation which are authorized and shall have general supervision and direction of all of the other officers, employees and agents of the Corporation.
 
Section 3.                                            Vice President.  Each Vice President shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated to him or her by the Board of Directors.
 
Section 4.                                            Treasurer.  The Treasurer shall have the responsibility for maintaining the financial records of the Corporation.  He or she shall make such disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render from time to time an account of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the Corporation.  The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.
 
Section 5.                                            Secretary.  The Secretary shall issue all authorized notices for, and shall keep minutes of, all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors.  He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.
 
Section 6.                                            Delegation of Authority.  The Board of Directors may from time to time delegate the powers or duties of any officer to any other officers or agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof.
 
Section 7.                                            Removal.  Any officer of the Corporation may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors.
 
Section 8.                                            Action with Respect to Securities of Other Corporations.  Unless otherwise directed by the Board of Directors, the President or any officer of the Corporation authorized by the President shall have power to vote and otherwise act on behalf of the Corporation, in person or by proxy, at any meeting of stockholders of or with respect to any action of stockholders of any other corporation in which this Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to exercise any and all rights and powers which this Corporation may possess by reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation.
 
6



 
ARTICLE V - STOCK
 
Section 1.                                            Certificates of Stock.
 
(a)                                  The shares of Common Stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, unless otherwise provided in accordance with Section 1(b) of Article V of these By-laws.
 
(b)                                 The Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions from time to time that some or all of any or all classes or series of the stock of the Corporation shall be uncertificated shares, provided any such resolution shall not apply to any such shares represented by a certificate previously issued until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation.  Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution or resolutions by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, every holder of stock represented by certificates, and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares, shall be entitled to have a certificate signed in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman of the Board or the President, and by the Treasurer or Secretary or, if any such officers exist, Assistant Treasurer or Assistant Secretary, representing the number of shares of stock in the Corporation owned by such holder.
 
Section 2.                                            Transfers of Stock.  Transfers of stock shall be made only upon the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of the stock of the Corporation.  Except where a certificate is issued in accordance with Section 4 of Article V of these By-laws, an outstanding certificate, if one has been issued, for the number of shares involved shall be surrendered for cancellation before a new certificate, if any, is issued therefor.
 
Section 3.                                            Record Date.
 
(a)                                  In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders, or to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted and which record date shall not be more than sixty (60) nor less than ten (10) days before the date of any meeting of stockholders, nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the time for such other action as hereinbefore described; provided, however, that if no record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held, and, for determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of rights or to exercise any rights of change, conversion or exchange of stock or for any other purpose, the record date shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts a resolution relating thereto.  A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.
 
7



 
(b)                                 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action without a meeting, (including by telegram, cablegram or other electronic transmission as permitted by law), the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which record date shall be not more than ten (10) days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted.  If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the Delaware General Corporation Law, the record date shall be the first date on which a consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in the manner prescribed by Article I, Section 9 hereof.  If no record date has been fixed by the Board of Directors and prior action by the Board of Directors is required by the Delaware General Corporation Law with respect to the proposed action by consent of the stockholders without a meeting, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action  without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action.
 
Section 4.                                            Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.  In the event of the loss, theft or destruction of any certificate of stock, another may be issued in its place pursuant to such regulations as the Board of Directors may establish concerning proof of such loss, theft or destruction and concerning the giving of a satisfactory bond or bonds of indemnity.
 
Section 5.                                            Regulations.  The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of certificates of stock shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.
 
ARTICLE VI - NOTICES
 
Section 1.                                            Notices.  If mailed, notice to stockholders shall be deemed given when deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.  Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in Section 232 of the Delaware General Corporation Law.
 
Section 2.                                            Waivers.  A written waiver of any notice, signed by a stockholder or director, or waiver by electronic transmission by such person, whether given before or after the time of the event for which notice is to be given, shall be deemed equivalent to the notice required to be given to such person.  Neither the business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such a waiver.
 
ARTICLE VII - MISCELLANEOUS
 
Section 1.                                            Facsimile Signatures.  In addition to the provisions for use of facsimile signatures elsewhere specifically authorized in these By-laws, facsimile signatures of any officer
 
8



 
or officers of the Corporation may be used whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.
 
Section 2.                                            Corporate Seal.  The Board of Directors may provide a suitable seal, containing the name of the Corporation, which seal shall be in the charge of the Secretary.  If and when so directed by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer or, if any such officers exist, by an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer.
 
Section 3.                                            Reliance upon Books, Reports and Records.  Each director, each member of any committee designated by the Board of Directors, and each officer of the Corporation shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the books of account or other records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or committees of the Board of Directors so designated, or by any other person as to matters which such director or committee member reasonably believes are within such other person’s professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation.
 
Section 4.                                            Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as fixed by the Board of Directors.
 
Section 5.                                            Time Periods.  In applying any provision of these By-laws which requires that an act be done or not be done a specified number of days prior to an event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior to an event, calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.
 
ARTICLE VIII - INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS
 
Section 1.                                            Right to Indemnification.  Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an “indemnitee”), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer or trustee, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer or trustee, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in
 
9



 
Section 3 of this ARTICLE VIII with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
 
Section 2.                                            Right to Advancement of Expenses.  In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in Section 1 of this ARTICLE VIII, an indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorney’s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an “advancement of expenses”); provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an “undertaking”), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a “final adjudication”) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this Section 2 or otherwise.
 
Section 3.                                            Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit.
 
(a)                                  If a claim under Section 1 or 2 of this ARTICLE VIII is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, except in the case of a claim for an advancement of expenses, in which case the applicable period shall be twenty (20) days, the indemnitee may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim.  If successful in whole or in part in any such suit, or in a suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the indemnitee shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting or defending such suit.
 
(b)                                 In (i) any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification hereunder (but not in a suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to an advancement of expenses) it shall be a defense that, and (ii) in any suit brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the Corporation shall be entitled to recover such expenses upon a final adjudication that, the indemnitee has not met any applicable standard for indemnification set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law.  Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such suit that indemnification of the indemnitee is proper in the circumstances because the indemnitee has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its directors who are not parties to such action, a committee of such directors, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the indemnitee has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall create a presumption that the
 
10



 
indemnitee has not met the applicable standard of conduct or, in the case of such a suit brought by the indemnitee, be a defense to such suit.
 
(c)                                  In any suit brought by the indemnitee to enforce a right to indemnification or to an advancement of expenses hereunder, or brought by the Corporation to recover an advancement of expenses pursuant to the terms of an undertaking, the burden of proving that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified, or to such advancement of expenses, under this ARTICLE VIII or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.
 
Section 4.                                            Non-Exclusivity of Rights.  The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this ARTICLE VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
 
Section 5.                                            Insurance.  The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware General Corporation Law.
 
Section 6.                                            Indemnification of Employees and Agents of the Corporation.  The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and officers of the Corporation.
 
Section 7.                                            Nature of Rights.  The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this ARTICLE VIII shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer or trustee and shall inure to the benefit of the indemnitee’s heirs, executors and administrators.  Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this ARTICLE VIII that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment, alteration or repeal.
 
ARTICLE IX - AMENDMENTS
 
These By-laws may be amended or repealed by the Board of Directors at any meeting or by the stockholders at any meeting.
 
11

 