Exhibit 3.1
 
AMENDED AND RESTATED
 
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
TOWERS WATSON DELAWARE INC.
 
ARTICLE I.   NAME OF CORPORATION
 
The name of the Corporation (the “Corporation”) is:
 
Towers Watson Delaware Inc.
 
ARTICLE II.   REGISTERED OFFICE
 
The address of the registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, City of Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19904.  The name of the registered agent of the Corporation at such address is National Registered Agents, Inc.
 
ARTICLE III.   PURPOSE
 
The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
 
ARTICLE IV.   AUTHORIZED CAPITAL STOCK
 
The Corporation shall be authorized to issue one class of stock, to be designated Common Stock; the total number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000, and each such share shall have a par value of $0.01.
 
ARTICLE V.   BOARD POWER REGARDING BYLAWS
 
In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by statute, the board of directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, amend and rescind the bylaws of the Corporation.
 
ARTICLE VI.   ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
 
Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation shall so provide.
 


 
ARTICLE VII.   LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
 
A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for (a) any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its shareholders, (b) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (c) breaches under Section 174 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or (d) any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.  Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal.  If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is amended to authorize the further elimination or limitation of the liability of directors, then the liability of any such director of the Corporation is eliminated or limited to the full extent authorized.
 
ARTICLE VIII.   INDEMNIFICATION
 
The Corporation shall indemnify, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than such law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (including, without limitation, an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or an officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, or trustee of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an “indemnitee”), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered by such indemnitee in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification, the Corporation shall indemnify any such indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
 
In addition to the right to indemnification conferred in this ARTICLE VIII, an indemnitee shall also have the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorney’s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition (hereinafter an “advancement of expenses”); provided, however, that, if the Delaware General Corporation Law requires, an advancement of expenses incurred by an indemnitee in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such indemnitee, including, without limitation, service
 


 
to an employee benefit plan) shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking (hereinafter an “undertaking”), by or on behalf of such indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal (hereinafter a “final adjudication”) that such indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified for such expenses under this ARTICLE VIII or otherwise.
 
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred in this ARTICLE VIII shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation, By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.
 
ARTICLE IX.   CORPORATE POWER
 
The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred on stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation.
 
[The remainder of this page is intentionally left blank.]
 

 
 