Exhibit 3.1
CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF
LUMBER LIQUIDATORS HOLDINGS, INC.
THE UNDERSIGNED, a natural person, for the purpose of organizing a corporation for conducting the business and promoting the purposes hereinafter stated, under the provisions and subject to the requirements of the laws of the State of Delaware, certifies:
Article I – Name
The name of the corporation (hereinafter referred to as the “Corporation”) is Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc.
Article II – Agent
The registered office of the Corporation is to be located at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, in the City of Wilmington, in the County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, with a zip code of 19808. The name of its registered agent at that address is Corporation Service Company.
Article III – Purpose
The purpose for which the Corporation is organized is to conduct any lawful business, to promote any lawful purpose and to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any applicable successor thereto, as the same may be amended from time to time (the “DGCL”).
Article IV – Stock
Section 1. Authorized Stock. The total number of shares of stock that the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 43,000,000 shares of capital stock, consisting of 35,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share (the “Common Stock”) and 8,000,000 shares of preferred stock (the “Preferred Stock”) with a par value of $0.01 per share. The number of authorized shares of Common Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding) by such affirmative vote as may be required at that time by the DGCL.
Section 2. Preferred Stock.
(a) General.
(i) Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more classes or series from time to time. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board of Directors”) is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of shares of Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series and, by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (hereinafter referred to as “Preferred Stock Designation”) to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such class or series, and to fix the designations and powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, of the shares of each class or series of preferred stock prior to its issuance. Each such class or series of Preferred Stock shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, as shall be authorized by the Board of Directors and stated in the applicable Preferred Stock Designation.

(ii) The Common Stock shall be subject to the express terms of any series of Preferred Stock. Except as required by a Preferred Stock Designation or applicable law, holders of Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to vote at or receive notice of any meeting of stockholders.
Section 3. Common Stock.
(a) Voting.
(i) Election of Directors. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the resolution or resolutions provided for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to elect all of the Directors of the Corporation. Such Director(s) shall be elected by a plurality vote, with the elected candidates being the candidates receiving the greatest number of affirmative votes (with each holder entitled to cast one vote for or against each candidate with respect to each share held by such holder), with votes cast against such candidates and votes withheld having no legal effect. The election of such Directors shall occur at the annual meeting of holders of capital stock or at any special meeting called and held in accordance with the by-laws of the Corporation, or by consent in lieu thereof in accordance with this Certificate of Incorporation and applicable law.
(ii) Voting Generally. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or required by law or the resolution or resolutions provided for the issue of any class or series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein or required by law, each holder of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one (1) vote in respect of each share of Common Stock held thereby of record on the books of the Corporation for the election of directors and on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation.
(b) Dividends. Subject to applicable law, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available therefor at such times and in such amounts as the Board of Directors may determine in its sole discretion, subject to any preferential dividend rights of outstanding Preferred Stock.
(c) Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation and its subsidiaries, whether voluntary or involuntary (a “Liquidation Event”), after the payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of the Corporation and all preferential amounts to which the holders of any outstanding class or series Preferred Stock may be entitled pursuant to the terms thereof with respect to the distribution of assets in liquidation, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share ratably in the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution. The term “Liquidation Event” shall not be deemed to be occasioned by or to include any voluntary consolidation or merger of the Corporation with or into any other corporation or other entity or corporation or other entities or a sale, lease or conveyance of all or a part of the Corporation’s assets.
(d) No Pre-Emptive Rights. No holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to any pre-emptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights.
 
2

Article V – Board of Directors
Section 1. Number and Classification.
(a) Number. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors consisting of not fewer than three individuals nor more than 15 individuals (exclusive of directors referred to in the last paragraph of this Section 1), the exact number of directors to be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office.
(b) Classes. From and after the date of the first meeting of the Board of Directors following the filing of this Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, the directors shall be divided into three classes, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The initial division of the Board of Directors into classes shall be made by the decision of the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office. Class I directors shall serve for an initial term ending at the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2010, Class II directors for an initial term ending at the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2011 and Class III directors for an initial term ending at the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2012. At each annual meeting of stockholders beginning in 2010, successors to the directors in the class whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term.
(c) Changes in Numbers of Directors; Classification. If the number of directors is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, and any additional director of any class elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in such class shall hold office for the remaining term of that class, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors shorten the term of any incumbent director.
(d) Length of Term. Each director shall hold office until the annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office. Directors shall be elected by the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast by shares entitled to vote in the election at a meeting at which a quorum is present.
(e) Written Ballot Required. Elections of directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders shall be by written ballot.
(f) Preferred Stock Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more classes or series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the number of such directors and the election, term of office, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the provisions of this Article V and any resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors pursuant thereto, and such directors shall not be divided into classes unless expressly so provided therein.
Section 2. Vacancies. Any vacancy in the Board of Directors that results from an increase in the number of directors, from the death, disability, resignation, disqualification, removal of any director or from any other cause shall be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall hold office for the remaining term of his or her predecessor.
 
3

Section 3. Removal. Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, any Director or the entire Board may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock.
Section 4. Committees. Pursuant to the Bylaws, the Board of Directors may establish one or more committees to which may be delegated any of or all of the powers and duties of the Board of Directors to the full extent permitted by laws.
Section 5. Authority. For the management of the business and the conduct of affairs of the Corporation, and in further definition, limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and its Directors and of its stockholders or any class thereof, as the case may be, it is further provided that:
(a) The Board of Directors shall have powers to fix and vary the amount of shares to be reserved for any proper purpose; to authorize and cause to be executed mortgages and liens upon all or any part of the property of the Corporation; to determine the use and disposition of any surplus or net profits; and to fix the times for the declaration and payment of dividends;
(b) The Directors in their discretion may submit any contract or act for approval or ratification at any annual meeting of the stockholders or at any meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose of considering any such act or contract, and any contract or act that shall be approved or ratified by the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock of the Corporation which is represented in person or by proxy at such meeting and entitled to vote thereat (provided that a lawful quorum of stockholders be there represented in person or by proxy) shall be as valid and binding upon the Corporation and upon all stockholders as though it had been approved or ratified by every stockholder of the Corporation, whether or not the contract or act would otherwise be open to legal attack because of directors’ interest or for any other reason; and
(c) In addition to the powers and authorities conferred upon the Directors by statute or this Certificate of Incorporation, the Directors are hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation; subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Certificate of Incorporation and to any by-laws made from time to time by the stockholders; provided, however, that no by-laws so made shall invalidate any prior act of the Directors that would have been valid if such by-law had not been made.
Article VI – Liability of Directors and Officers
Section 1. Elimination of Certain Liability of Directors. A Director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders; (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL; or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If the DGCL is hereafter amended to permit further elimination or limitation of the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a Director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as so amended.
 
4

Section 2. Indemnification and Insurance.
(a) Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, liens, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and excise taxes or penalties arising under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in paragraph (b) hereof, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses (including attorney’s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that, if the DGCL requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as such in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision from which there is no further right to appeal that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section or otherwise (an “undertaking”); and provided further that such advancement of expenses incurred by any person other than a director or officer shall be made only upon the delivery of an undertaking to the foregoing effect and may be subject to such other conditions as the Board may deem advisable.
(b) Non-Exclusivity of Rights; Accrued Rights. The right to indemnification and the advancement of expenses conferred in this Section shall not be exclusive of any other right that any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of this Certificate of Incorporation, bylaw of the Corporation, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. Such rights shall be contract rights, shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person’s heirs, executors and administrators. Any repeal or modification of this Article shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification.
(c) Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL.
 
5

(d) Other Employees and Agents. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to any employee not within the provisions of paragraph (a) of this Section or to any agent of the Corporation, subject to such conditions as the Board of Directors may deem advisable.
(e) Savings Clause. If this Article VI or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each person entitled to indemnification hereunder as to all expense, liability, and loss (including attorney’s fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes, penalties and amounts to be paid in settlement) actually and reasonably incurred or suffered by such person and for which indemnification is available to such person pursuant to this Article VI to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article VI that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
Article VII – Existence
The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.
Article VIII – Other Constituencies; Creditor Arrangements
Section 1. Consideration of Other Constituencies. In addition to any other considerations which they may lawfully take into account in determining whether to take or to refrain from taking action on any matter and in discharging their duties under applicable law and this Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors, its committees and each Director may take into account the interests of customers, distributors, suppliers, creditors, current and retired employees and other constituencies of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and the effect upon the communities in which the Corporation and its subsidiaries do business; provided, however, that this Article shall be deemed solely to grant discretionary authority only and shall not be deemed to provide to any constituency a right to be considered.
Section 2. Compromises with Creditors. Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between the Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and/or between the Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them, any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware, may, on the application in a summary way of the Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of the DGCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for the Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the DGCL order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors, and/or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of the Corporation, as the case may be, agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of the Corporation as consequence of such compromise or arrangement, the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall, if sanctioned by the court to which the said application has been made, be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors, and/or on all the stockholders or class of stockholders, of the Corporation, as the case may be, and also on the Corporation.
 
6

Article IX – Stockholder Action
Section 1. Actions at Meetings Duly Called; No Written Consents. Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken only upon the vote of the stockholders at an annual or special meeting duly called and may not be taken by written consent of the stockholders.
Section 2. Regulation of Stockholder Submissions. The Bylaws may establish procedures regulating the submission by stockholders of nominations and proposals for consideration at meetings of stockholders of the Corporation.
Section 3. Special Meetings. Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders may be called at any time only by the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of Directors then in office or by the Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Article X – Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
Subject to any requirement of applicable law or any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation and to any voting rights granted to or held by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, the Corporation reserves the right at any time from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation, and any other provisions authorized by the DGCL at the time in force may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law; and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever nature conferred upon stockholders, Directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this Certificate of Incorporation in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article. In addition to any affirmative vote required by applicable law or any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or specified in any agreement, and in addition to any voting rights granted to or held by the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock shall be required to amend, add, alter, change, repeal or adopt any provisions inconsistent with this Certificate of Incorporation.
Article XI – Amendment of By-laws
The Board of Directors is expressly authorized and empowered to adopt, amend and repeal the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors present at a regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which there is a quorum (as defined from time to time in the Certificate of Incorporation) or by written consent. The stockholders of the Corporation may not adopt, amend or repeal any Bylaw, and no provision inconsistent therewith shall be adopted by the stockholders, unless such action is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock.
Article XII – Section 203 of the DGCL
The Corporation expressly elects to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.
 
7