Exhibit 10.2
LUMBER LIQUIDATORS HOLDINGS, INC.
2006 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors
As Amended
Effective October 18, 2006
SECTION 1. GENERAL PURPOSE OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS
The name of the plan is the Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. 2006 Equity Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the “Plan”). The purpose of the Plan is to associate the interests of non-employee directors of Lumber Liquidators Holdings, Inc. a Delaware corporation (the “Company”) with its shareholders through increased equity ownership, to assist the Company in recruiting and retaining individuals of ability and experience who are not employed by the Company to serve on the Board and its committees and to provide incentive to those individuals by enabling them to participate in the future success of the Company.
The following terms shall be defined as set forth below:
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Award or Awards, except where referring to a particular category of grant under the Plan, shall include Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, or any combination of the foregoing.
Board means the Board of Directors of the Company or its successor entity.
Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any successor Code, and related rules, regulations and interpretations.
Committee has the meaning specified in Section 2.
Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.
Fair Market Value of the Stock on any given date means the fair market value of the Stock determined in good faith by the Committee using a reasonable application of a reasonable valuation method; provided, however, that (i) if the Stock trades on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value on any given date is the closing sale price on such date; (ii) if the Stock does not trade on any national securities exchange but is admitted to trading on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System (“NASDAQ”), the Fair Market Value on any given date is the closing sale price as reported by NASDAQ on such date; or if no such closing sale price information is available, the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices for the Stock reported on such date. For any date that is not a trading day, the Fair Market Value of the Stock for such date will be determined by using the closing sale price or the average of the highest bid and lowest asked prices, as appropriate, for the immediately preceding trading day. The Committee can substitute a particular time of day or other measure of closing sale price if appropriate because of changes in exchange or market procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the date for which Fair Market Value is determined is the first day when trading prices for the Stock are reported on NASDAQ or trading on a national securities exchange, the Fair Market Value shall be the “Price to the Public” (or equivalent) set forth on the cover page for the final prospectus relating to the Company’s Initial Public Offering.
Initial Public Offering means the consummation of the first fully underwritten, firm commitment public offering pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Act covering the offer and sale by the Company of its equity securities, as a result of or following which the Stock shall be publicly held.
 
1

Non-Employee Director means a member of the Board who is not an employee of the Company or Subsidiary.
Option or Stock Option means any option to purchase shares of Stock granted pursuant to Section 5.
Restricted Stock Award means Awards granted pursuant to Section 6.
Stock means the Common Stock, without par value, of the Company, subject to adjustments pursuant to Section 3.
Subsidiary means any corporation or other entity (other than the Company) in any unbroken chain of corporations or other entities beginning with the Company if each of the corporations or entities (other than the last corporation or entity in the unbroken chain) owns stock or other interests possessing 50 percent or more of the economic interest or 50 percent or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock or other interests in one of the other corporations or entities in the chain.
Unrestricted Stock Award means any Award granted to Section 7.
SECTION 2. ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN; COMMITTEE AUTHORITY TO SELECT GRANTEES AND DETERMINE AWARDS
(a) Administration of the Plan. The Plan shall be administered by the Board, or at the discretion of the Board, by a committee of the Board, comprised of not less than two Directors. All references herein to the Committee shall be deemed to refer to the group then responsible for administration of the Plan at the relevant time (i.e., either the Board of Directors or a committee or committees of the Board, as applicable).
(b) Powers of Committee. The Committee shall have the power and authority to grant Awards consistent with the terms of the Plan, including the power and authority.
(i) to select the individuals to whom Awards may from time to time be granted.
(ii) to determine the time or times of grant, and the extent, if any, of Stock Options, Restricted Stock Awards, Unrestricted Stock Awards, or any combination of the foregoing, granted to any one or more grantees;
(iii) to determine the number of shares of Stock to be covered by any Award;
(iv) to determine and modify from time to time the terms and conditions, including restrictions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of any Award, which terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees, and to approve the form of written instruments evidencing the Awards, provided that such modifications are permitted by section 409A of the Code;
(v) to accelerate at any time the exercisability or vesting of all or any portion of any Award;
(vi) to impose any limitations on Awards granted under the Plan, including limitations on transfers, repurchase provisions and the like and to exercise repurchase rights or obligations;
(vii) subject to the provisions of Section 5(a)(ii), to extend at any time the period in which Stock Options may be exercised provided, however, that no extension may last beyond the date that is later than the later of the fifteenth day of the third month in which, or December 31 of the calendar year in which, the Stock Option would otherwise have expired;
(viii) to determine at any time whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances distribution or the receipt of Stock and other amounts payable with respect to an Award shall be deferred either automatically or at the election of the grantee and whether and to what extent the Company shall pay or credit amounts constituting interest (at rates determined by the Committee) or dividends or deemed dividends on such deferrals; and
 
2

(ix) at any time to adopt, alter and repeal such rules, guidelines and practices for administration of the Plan and for its own acts and proceedings as it shall deem advisable; to interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award (including related written instruments); to make all determinations it deems advisable for the administration of the Plan; to decide all disputes arising in connection with the Plan; and to otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan.
All decisions and interpretations of the Committee shall be binding on all persons, including the Company and Plan grantees.
(c) Indemnification. Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any member of either or any delegate thereof, shall be liable for any act, omission, interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan, and the members of the Board and the Committee (and any delegate thereof) shall be entitled in all cases to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage or expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law and/or under any directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time.
SECTION 3. STOCK ISSUABLE UNDER THE PLAN; MERGERS; PUBLIC OFFERINGS; SUBSTITUTION
(a) Stock Issuable. The maximum number of shares of Stock reserved and available for issuance under the Plan, effective as of October 18, 2006, shall be 200,000 shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3(b). For purposes of this limitation, the shares of Stock underlying any Awards which are forfeited, canceled, reacquired by the Company, satisfied without the issuance of Stock or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) shall be added back to the shares of Stock available for issuance under the Plan. Subject to such overall limitation, shares of Stock may be issued up to such maximum number pursuant to any type or types of Award. The shares available for issuance under the Plan may be authorized but unissued shares of Stock or shares of Stock reacquired by the Company and held in its treasury.
(b) Changes in Stock. Subject to Section 3(c) hereof, if, as a result of a reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar change in the Company’s capital stock, the outstanding shares of Stock are increased or decreased or are exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company, or additional shares or new or different shares or other securities of the Company or other non-cash assets are distributed with respect to such shares of Stock or other securities, or, if, as a result of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the company, the outstanding shares of Stock are converted into or exchanged for a different number or kind of securities of the Company or any successor entity (or a parent or subsidiary thereof), the Committee shall make an appropriate or proportionate adjustment in (i) the maximum number of shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, (ii) the number of Stock Options that can be granted to any one individual grantee, (iii) the number and kind of shares or other securities subject to any then outstanding Awards under the Plan, (iv) the repurchase price per share subject to each outstanding Restricted Stock Award, and (v) the exercise price and/or exchange price for each share subject to any then outstanding Stock Options under the Plan, without changing the aggregate exercise price (i.e., the exercise price multiplied by the number of Stock Options) as to which such Stock Options remain exercisable. Such adjustment of any outstanding Stock Option must satisfy the requirements of Treasury Regulation § 1.424-1 and Code section 409A. The adjustment by the Committee shall be final, binding and conclusive. No fractional shares of Stock shall be issued under the Plan resulting from any such adjustment, but the Committee in its discretion may make a cash payment in lieu of fractional shares.
The Committee may also adjust the number of shares subject to outstanding Awards and the exercise price and the terms of outstanding Awards to take into consideration material changes in accounting practices or principles, extraordinary dividends, acquisitions or dispositions of stock or property or any other event if it is determined by the Committee that such adjustment is appropriate to avoid distortion in the operation of the Plan, provided, however, that any such adjustment shall be made in accordance with section 409A of the Code.
 
3

(c) Mergers and Other Sale Events. In the case of and subject to the consummation of (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, (ii) the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the company on a consolidated basis to an unrelated person or entity, (iii) a merger, reorganization or consolidation in which the outstanding shares of Stock are converted into or exchanged for securities of the successor entity and the holders of the Company’s outstanding voting power immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the outstanding voting power of the successor entity immediately upon completion of such transaction, (iv) the sale of all or a majority of the outstanding capital stock of the Company to an unrelated person or entity or (v) any other transaction in which, the owners of the Company’s outstanding voting power prior to such transaction do not own at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of the successor entity immediately upon completion of the transaction (in each case, regardless of the form thereof, a “Sale Event”), unless otherwise provided in the Award agreement, the Plan and all outstanding Options issued hereunder shall terminate upon the effective time of any such Sale Event, unless provision is made in connection with such transaction in the sole discretion of the parties thereto for the assumption or continuation of Options theretofore granted (after taking into account any acceleration hereunder) by the successor entity, or the substitution of such Options with new Options of the successor entity or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with such adjustment as to the number and kind of shares and the per share exercise prices as such parties shall agree (after taking into account any acceleration if any, hereunder). Such adjustment of any outstanding Stock Option must satisfy the requirements of Treasury Regulation § 1424-1 and Code section 409A. In the event of such termination, each grantee shall be permitted, within a specified period of time prior to the consummation of the Sale Event as determined by the Committee, to exercise all outstanding Options held by such grantee which are then exercisable or will become exercisable as of the effective time of the Sale Event; provided, however, that the exercise of Options not exercisable prior to the Sale Event shall be subject to the consummation of the Sale Event. (The treatment of Restricted Stock Award in connection with any such transaction shall be as specified in the relevant Award agreement.)
(d) Substitute Awards. The Committee may grant Awards under the Plan in substitution for stock and stock based awards held by directors of another corporation in connection with a merger or consolidation of the employing corporation with the Company or a Subsidiary or the acquisition by the Company or a Subsidiary of property or stock of the employing corporation. The Committee may direct that the substitute awards be granted on such terms and conditions as the Committee considers appropriate in the circumstances. Such substitution of any outstanding Stock Option must satisfy the requirements of Treasury Regulation § 1.424-1 and Code section 409A. Any substitute Awards granted under the Plan shall not count against the share limitation set forth in Section 3(a).
SECTION 4. ELIGIBILITY
Every Non-Employee Director who serves on the Board during the term of the Plan is eligible to receive Awards.
SECTION 5. STOCK OPTIONS
Any Stock Option granted under the Plan shall be pursuant to a Stock Option agreement which shall be in such form as the Committee may from time to time approve. Option agreements need not be identical.
(a) Terms of Stock Options. Stock Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Committee shall deem desirable.
(i) Exercise Price. The exercise price per share for the Stock covered by a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee at the time of grant but shall not be less than 100 percent of the Fair Market Value on the date of grant.
(ii) Option Term. The term of each Stock Option shall be fixed by the Committee, but no Stock Option shall be exercisable more than ten years after the date the Stock Option is granted.
(iii) Exercisability; Rights of a Stockholder. Stock Options shall become exercisable at such time or times, whether or not in installments, as shall be determined by the Committee at or after the grant date. The Committee may at any time accelerate the exercisability of all or any portion of any Stock Option. An optionee shall
 
4

have the rights of a stockholder only as to shares acquired upon the exercise of a Stock Option and not as to unexercised Stock Options.
(iv) Method of Exercise. Stock Options may be exercised in whole or in part, by giving written notice of exercise to the Company, specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Payment of the purchase price may be made by one or more of the following methods to the extent provided in the Award agreement or as otherwise provided by the Committee:
(A) In cash, by certified or bank check, or other instrument acceptable to the Committee in U.S. funds payable to the order of the Company in an amount equal to the purchase price of such Option shares;
(B) If permitted by the Committee, through the delivery (or attestation to the ownership) of shares of Stock that have been purchased by the optionee on the open market or are beneficially owned by the optionee and are not then subject to restrictions under any Company plan. Such surrendered shares shall be valued at Fair Market Value on the exercise date;
(C) If permitted by the Committee and applicable laws and regulations, by the optionee delivering to the Company a properly executed exercise notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker to promptly deliver to the company cash or a check payable and acceptable to the Company to pay the purchase price; provided that in the event the optionee chooses to pay the purchase price as so provided, the optionee and the broker shall comply with such procedures and enter into such agreements of indemnity and other agreements as the Committee shall prescribe as a condition of such payment procedures.
Payment instruments will be received subject to collection. No certificates for shares of Stock so purchased will be issued to optionee until the Company has completed all steps required by law to be taken in connection with the issuance and sale of the shares, including without limitation for any shares not covered by a Registration Statement filed with the Securities Exchange Commission under the Act, (i) receipt of a representation from the optionee at the time of exercise of the Option that the optionee is purchasing the shares for the optionee’s own account and not with a view to any sale or distribution thereof, and (ii) the legending of any certificate representing the shares to evidence the foregoing representations and restrictions. The delivery of certificates representing the shares of Stock to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of a Stock Option will be contingent upon receipt from the optionee (or a purchaser acting in his or her stead in accordance with the provisions of the Stock Option) by the Company of the full purchase price for such shares and the fulfillment of any other requirements contained in the Option Award agreement or applicable provisions of law. In the event an optionee chooses to pay the purchase price by previously-owned shares of Stock through the attestation method, the shares of Stock transferred to the optionee upon the exercise of the Stock Option shall be net of the number of shares attested to.
(b) Non-transferability of Options. No Stock Option shall be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent and distributions and all Stock Options shall be exercisable, during the optionee’s lifetime, only by the optionee, or by the optionee’s legal representative or guardian in the event of the optionee’s incapacity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may provide in the Award agreement regarding a given Option that the optionee may transfer, without consideration for the transfer, his or her Stock Options to members of his or her immediate family, to trusts for the benefit of such family members, or to partnerships in which such family members are the only partners, provided that the transferee agrees in writing with the Company to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Plan and the applicable Option.
SECTION 6. RESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS
(a) Nature of Restricted Stock Awards. A Restricted Stock Award is an Award pursuant to which the Company may, in its sole discretion, grant or sell, at such purchase price as determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion, shares of Stock subject to such restrictions and conditions as the Committee may determine at the time of grant (“Restricted Stock”), which purchase price shall be payable in cash or other form of consideration acceptable to the Committee. Conditions may be based on continuing service on the Board and/or achievement of pre-established performance goals and objectives. The terms and conditions of each such agreement shall be determined by the Committee, and such terms and conditions may differ among individual Awards and grantees.
 
5

(b) Rights as a Stockholder. Upon execution of a written instrument setting forth the Restricted Stock Award and payment of any applicable purchase price, a grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the voting of the Restricted Stock and the right to receive dividends, subject to such conditions contained in the written instrument evidencing the Restricted Stock Award. Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, certificates evidencing the Restricted Stock shall remain in the possession of the Company until such Restricted Stock is vested as provided in subsection (d) below of this Section, and the grantee shall be required, as a condition of the grant, to deliver to the Company a stock power endorsed in blank.
(c) Restrictions. Restricted Stock may not be sold, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise encumbered or disposed of except as specifically provided herein or in the Restricted Stock Award agreement. If a grantee’s service on the Board terminates under the conditions specified in the relevant instrument relating to the Award, or upon such other event or events as may be stated in the instrument evidencing the Award, the Company or its assigns shall have the right or shall agree, as may be specified in the relevant instrument, to repurchase some or all of the shares of Stock subject to the Award at such purchase price as set forth in such instrument.
(d) Vesting of Restricted Stock. The Committee at the time of grant shall specify the date or dates and/or the attainment of pre-established performance goals, objectives and other conditions on which Restricted Stock shall become vested, subject to such further rights of the Company or its assigns as may be specified in the instrument evidencing the Restricted Stock Award.
SECTION 7. UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS
(a) Grant or Sale of Unrestricted Stock. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at such purchase price determined by the Committee) an Unrestricted Stock Award to any grantee, pursuant to which such grantee may receive shares of Stock free of any vesting restrictions (“Unrestricted Stock”) under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted or sold as described in the preceding sentence in respect of past services or other valid consideration, or in lieu of any cash compensation due to such individual.
(b) Elections to Receive Unrestricted Stock In Lieu of Compensation. Upon the request of a grantee and with the consent of the Committee, each such grantee may, pursuant to an advance written election delivered to the Company no later than the date specified by the Committee, receive a portion of the cash compensation otherwise due to such grantee in the form of shares of Unrestricted Stock.
SECTION 8. AMENDMENTS AND TERMINATION
The Board may, at any time, amend or discontinue the Plan and the Committee may, at any time, amend or cancel any outstanding Award (or provide substitute Awards at the same or reduced exercise or purchase price or with no exercise or purchase price in a manner not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan), but such price, if any, must satisfy the requirements which would apply to the substitute or amended Award if it were then initially granted under this Plan for the purpose of satisfying changes in law or for any other lawful purpose, but no such action shall adversely affect rights under any outstanding Award without the holder’s consent. Nothing in this Section 8 shall limit the Board’s or Committee’s authority to take any action permitted pursuant to Section 3(c).
SECTION 9. STATUS OF PLAN
With respect to the portion of any Award that has not been exercised and any payments in cash, Stock or other consideration not received by a grantee, a grantee shall have no rights greater than those of a general creditor of the Company unless the Committee shall otherwise expressly determine in connection with any Award or Awards. In its sole discretion, the Committee may authorize the creation of trusts or other arrangements to meet the Company’s obligations to deliver Stock or make payments with respect to Awards hereunder, provided that the existence of such trusts or other arrangements is consistent with the foregoing sentence.
 
6

SECTION 10. GENERAL PROVISIONS
(a) No Distribution; Compliance with Legal Requirements. The Committee may require each person acquiring Stock pursuant to an Award to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the shares without a view to distribution thereof. No shares of Stock shall be issued pursuant to an Award until all applicable securities law and other legal and stock exchange or similar requirements have been satisfied. The Committee may require the placing of such stop-orders and restrictive legends on certificates for Stock and Awards as it deems appropriate.
(b) Delivery of Stock Certificates. Stock certificates to grantees under this Plan shall be deemed delivered for all purposes when the Company or a stock transfer agent of the Company shall have mailed such certificates in the United States mail, addressed to the grantee, at the grantee’s last known address on file with the Company.
(c) Other Compensation Arrangements, No Service Rights. Nothing contained in this Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements, including trusts, and such arrangements may be either generally applicable or applicable only in specific cases. The adoption of this Plan and the grant of Awards do not confer upon any non-employee director any right to continued service on the Board.
(d) Trading Policy Restrictions. Option exercise and other Awards under the Plan shall be subject to such Company’s insider-trading-policy-related restrictions, terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee, or in accordance with policies set by the Committee, from time to time.
(e) Designation of Beneficiary. Each grantee to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or beneficiaries to exercise any Award or receive any payment under any Award payable on or after the grantee’s death. Any such designation shall be on a form provided for that purpose by the Administrator and shall not be effective until received by the Administrator. If no beneficiary has been designated by a deceased grantee, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the grantee, the beneficiary shall be the grantee’s estate.
SECTION 11. EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN
This Plan shall become effective upon approval by the stockholders in accordance with applicable law. Subject to such approval by the stockholders and to the requirement that no Stock may be issued hereunder prior to such approval, Stock Options and other Awards may be granted hereunder on and after adoption of this Plan by the Board.
SECTION 12. GOVERNING LAW
This Plan and all Awards and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, applied without regard to conflict of law principles.
 
7